I'm getting sick
of these traps...
Pull yourself
together, Yuma!
Up ahead, there is
another trap!
Turn left,
please turn left!
(Yuma)
Whoa, whoa!
That was too close!
Yuma!
You need to stay
more alert!
You almost got us--
...Yuma?
(Yuma)
Dextra...
Kite...
Quattro...
Quinton...
And Shark...
It's too much...
(Tori)
Hang on!
(Yuma)
Look...
(Tori)
Can't look
too bright...!
This must be
the desert field...
(Nistro)
'Bout time you
showed up.
Nistro...
What are you
doing here?
Well, seems it's down
to you and me this round...
This is where we're
gonna duel...
And just so you know,
I don't plan on losing!
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be
afraid ♪
♪ To challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
If I high-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make
it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when
I leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance
and chase my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me through
my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance
to make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance I'll
take a chance today ♪
(Mr. Heartland)
Ladies and gentlemen!
There's only one spot left
in the semi-finals!
Who will advance?
Yuma Tsukumo or Nistro?
We're about to find out
as we watch them
coast through
the desert field of danger!
You ready?
You know it!
(Both)
Let's duel!
I'm lookin' forward
to this!
My turn, I draw!
To start things off,
I'm calling forth Heroic
Challenger Double Lance!
(Mr. Heartland)
Whoa!
Looks like things are already
getting a little rocky!
'Cause in this field,
duelists take 200 points
of damage every time
they attack
or summon
a monster in attack mode!
After driving into
all those traps,
can you even
spare 200 life points?
Does it look like it?
I've only got a 100 life
points left to my name!
I activate Double
Lance's ability!
When I summon
an Xyz Monster,
Heroic Challenger Double Lance
counts as two monsters!
So now I overlay my two
Level 4 Double Lances!
With that, I build
the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Heroic
Champion Gandiva!
He does not seem to be concerned
about the field spell damage.
I place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
All right, Yuma,
you're up!
Give me
everything you've got!
'Cause this time, I'm ready
and I'm gonna take you down!
(Nistro)
Come on, Yuma!
Give me everything
you've got!
(Yuma)
Considering how low
my life points are,
I really don't
have much to give...
(Astral)
Yuma...
You cannot waver.
He is clearly
feeling energized.
You should become energized
as well.
Tell me somethin'
I don't already know.
It's my turn.
I draw!
I got a little trap
action for ya'!
Uh-!
Uh oh!
This is crazy...
I can't believe
I'm about to do this...
But Yuma's dueling has
really fired me up...
He's the reason I'm in this
tournament in the first place.
I don't want this one handed
to me, I wanna earn it.
I've been looking forward
to this duel for a long time!
I play the trap
Heroic Gift!
When you've got
less than 2,000 life points,
this trap brings you back
to 4,000 life points!
Wait, you're giving
me life points?
In exchange, I get to draw
two more cards from my deck!
You're giving
me pity-points?
Don't think of
it like that...
I'm not exactly the type
to have pity on someone.
I just wanna know
that when I win,
it's not cause
I had an advantage...
(Astral)
If Nistro was willing
to so dramatically
boost Yuma's
life points,
he must be feeling
confident about this duel.
I play a monster facedown
in defense mode, Nistro!
Yuma, you will not win this
duel through defense alone.
Next, I place one card facedown
and with that, I end my turn!
Ha!
I was hoping for
a lil' more than that.
You need a push.
I draw!
And now I summon Heroic
Challenger, Night Watchman!
Hey Nistro!
How'd those 200 points
of damage taste?
(Nistro)
Very funny!
But that was nothin'!
At least not compared to what
Night Watchman's about to do!
When Night Watchman attacks
your facedown monster,
it automatically
destroys it!
And now your field
is wide open, Yuma!
Which means Gandiva
can attack you directly!
I was hoping you
would do that.
Say what?
'Cause when Mogmole
is destroyed,
it can dig down and then
resurface in defense mode!
I bet right now you're
wishing you hadn't
given up those 400
life points, huh?
You'd think so, but you
couldn't be more wrong, Yuma!
'Cause now I can I activate
Gandiva's special ability!
By using one
Overlay Unit,
Gandiva can destroy
your Mogmole!
This isn't good!
You can't just hide in
defense mode, Yuma...
Unless of course
you're a coward!
All right Gandiva, attack
Yuma directly!
We'll see about
that, Nistro!
I play the trap
Battle Break!
It destroys your Heroic Champion
Gandiva and ends the battle...
You think moves like
that can save ya?
Think again, kid!
My Battler's Pride trap
destroys your Battle Break,
so Gandiva is still
alive!
Now Gandiva!
Fire!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Don't you get it?
You gotta duel like I know
you can if you wanna beat me!
Thing is...
I know he's right, but I
can't afford to make a mistake.
If that thought is
what drives you...
You should give up now.
What?
Right now, your dueling
is hesitant
and a hesitant
duelist cannot truly duel.
I suppose it is natural that
you are feeling this way...
After witnessing the intensity
of the last several duels,
it is logical
that you would develop
a cautionary approach
toward your dueling...
Hold up!
It sounds like you're
saying I'm scared!
Well I'm-- I'm not.
I draw!
Are you certain?
I summon...
I summon Gagaga
Magician!
(Nistro)
Watch your head Yuma!
Now I'm gonna activate the spell
card One-Shot Wand!
This card grants my Magician an
additional 800 attack points!
Which means it
can take Gandiva down!
Go, Gagaga Magician!
Attack Gandiva!
You're gonna have to try
harder than that, Yuma!
I activate my
trap Heroic Advance!
It not only doubles Night
Watchman's attack points,
but Gagaga Magician
now has to attack
it instead of Gandiva!
Though neither monster
will be destroyed,
you'll still take damage!
Man!
All right, I activate
One-Shot Wand's effect!
I can destroy this card...
And in exchange, I can draw
a new one from my deck!
Sweet!
Get ready for Grandram!
When you've got an Xyz
Monster on your field,
I can summon this big
bruiser in attack mode!
Sure, I'll lose another
200 life points...
But now I can overlay
Grandram and Gagaga Magician.
I build the Overlay Network and
Xyz Summon Gagaga Cowboy!
In defense mode?
Are you kidding me?
(Yuma)
Nope!
Cause when Gagaga Cowboy
is in defense mode,
it not only protects
me from taking damage
when you attack, but it can
use one Overlay Unit
to blast you with
800 points of damage!
How do you like that?
You're goin' down,
Nistro!
I place two cards
facedown and end my turn!
I can't believe this...
Are you gonna hide behind your
cards the whole time?
It's totally pathetic!
I wanted to duel Yuma,
not some coward!
Guess I need to
force you to step it up!
By equipping Xyz Crown
on my Gandiva,
I'm allowed to use
it to Xyz Summon!
And not only that, Gandiva
counts as two monsters!
You meanm you're gonna use an
Xyz monster to Xyz Summon!
I overlay two Heroic
Champion Gandivas
with my Level 4
Night Watchman!
I build the Overlay
Network
and Xyz Summon
Heroic Champion Kusanagi!
(Yuma)
How am I supposed
to beat this?
Come on!
If you wanna defeat me, then let
the real Yuma start dueling!
What do you mean
the real Yuma?
Stop playing it safe and duel
me like there's no tomorrow!
Yuma...?
(Nistro)
Isn't that what it's
all about, Yuma?
(Tori)
What's going on?
Why did we stop?
I need you to
stay here, Tori...
Huh?
You want me to--
Yeah, I mean it.
I've gotta risk everything
if I'm gonna win this.
And I don't wanna put you
in any kind of danger...
Yuma...
Just one thing.
Don't forget to come back
and get me when you win.
I won't!
You can do it, Yuma!
(Yuma)
Hey, Nistro!
If it's a real duel
you want, then
it's a real
duel you'll get!
Now that's the Yuma
I wanted to duel!
Let's do this!
First, I activate the
spell card Fighter's Charm!
This forces your Cowboy into
attack mode...
but its attack
points stay the same
as its defense points
for the rest of this turn.
But that won't
stop Kusanagi from wiping
the floor with
Gagaga Cowboy.
Kusanagi attack!
I activate the trap
card Overlay Buster!
Thanks to this bad boy,
my Gagaga Cowboy
gains 500 attack points!
I got this one!
I don't think so,
Yuma!
For the price of one
Overlay Unit
Kusanagi stops your
trap card and gains
500 attack points for
the rest of this turn!
3,000?
No way!
(Nistro)
Do it, Kusanagi!
Now his monster is
more powerful!
Let's go, Kusanagi!
Destroy his
Gagaga Cowboy!
Not gonna happen!
I activate the spell card
Fighting Fund!
This card protects my
monster from being destroyed!
Not bad!
But you're still takin'
some damage.
(Yuma)
That was close!
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
You got 600
hundred life points left.
You're not doin'
so good, are ya?
I started with
a hundred.
So the way I see it,
I'm rockin' this thing!
That's the Yuma
I know!
You showed up just
in time to lose!
What's this?
What the huh?
We are on a new field...
It is now
Sunset Showdown.
Each duelist can battle
with one monster only...
and when that
monster is destroyed,
its owner takes 300
points of damage.
All right, Yuma.
You ready?
I'm feelin' the flow!
I draw!
Gagaga Cowboy take
out Nistro's Kusanagi!
Kusanagi's not scared
of your Cowboy,
considering its packin'
more attack points!
For now!
But my Cowboy can use
one Overlay Unit to gain
1000 attack points and rob
Kusanagi of 500!
Heh!
Nicely done, kid.
Gagaga cowboy!
Attack!
I activate the trap
Heroic Change!
But I use Kusanagi's special
ability to stop this trap
so that Kusanagi can
gain 500 attack points!
Now that was awesome...
You're an amazing
duelist.
Right back at ya'...
But it's time
to go all-in...
I activate
the trap Xyz Extreme!
Since an Xyz Monster
was destroyed...
By paying 1000 life points,
we both summon new Xyz Monsters,
and then they have to battle
each other!
Hope you're ready cause
I'm bringing out
the best my
deck has to offer!
Are you serious?
I summon Heroic Champion
Excalibur!
Time to slice your life
points down to nothing!
Whoa...
(Nistro)
I summoned Heroic Champion
Excalibur!
But after our Xyz
Monsters battle, they're both
automatically destroyed because
of the trap Xyz Extreme!
So bring it, Yuma!
Make this the ultimate
showdown!
Go ahead
and summon Utopia!
Utopia?
Anything less would
be disappointing...
Let's make this a true
clash of the titans.
You're on...
You are goin' down,
Nistro!
Nice!
I summon Number
39: Utopia!
Now come at me, Yuma!
You asked for it!
Utopia attack!
I activate Excalibur's
special ability!
By using all its Overlay Units,
its attack points double!
4,000 attack points.
Utopia's got a special
ability too, ya' know!
Light Wing Shield!
By using an Overlay Unit
I can stop Excalibur's attack!
You can't touch me!
Perhaps!
But when the dust settles,
both of our monsters
will be destroyed
by my Xyz Battle trap!
And then Sunset Showdown deals
you 300 points of damage,
which means you're
finished!
That would be the case,
if I didn't have this card!
What?
I am feeling the flow!
I activate the spell
Double or Nothing!
This spell doubles
Utopia's attack points
and lets it attack again.
What?
It's got 5,000
attack points!
Go, Utopia!
Rising Sun Slash!
(Mr. Heartland)
It's over!
The duelist advancing to the
semifinals is...
the one and only Yuma!
Anyone get the license plate
of that rhino?
Nistro...
Been a long time since a duel
got me that amped up...
That was awesome.
Yeah!
Yuma, I want you
to have this.
Huh?
But in exchange, you gotta
promise me that you'll give
every duel everything
you've got.
This is...
Excalibur?
But this is, like,
your best card, and--
Just say,
"thank you ."
Seriously,
Nistro...
Thanks so much.
I'll do everything
I can to make you proud.
Good.
I'm counting on you,
kid!
Win this thing.
Come on, Yuma!
It's been forever!